Create 2023-03-20.md (#117)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-confirmation/release-notes/2023-03-20.md

> An issue was corrected when processing Name fields containing the following special characters. These characters are now accepted and processed without returning an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We found and fixed an issue with Name fields containing special characters. These characters are now accepted and processed without returning an error:
```

> * forward slash /

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* forward slash: /
```

* back slacsh \

> * hyphen -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* hyphen: -
```

* space

> * single quote '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* single quote: '
```
